TAC minutes of meeting 2025-06-04 (#81)
PQCA/TAC: meeting-minutes/2025/2025-06-04-TAC.md

Kieran presented the LFX tool capabilities to the TAC. He explained the individual & organization dash board, project view of the insights and various screens & menu’s. For example, contributor’s leader board, active contributors, organization leader board, pull requests, popularity etc.

Brian Jarvis mentioned if we can filter the names of the people to filter out the LF staff. McDermott took the feedback in his notes.

Hart Montgomery asked Kieran to talk about the base line security aspects incorporating open SSF badging etc. Kieran mentioned that they are collaborating with the Open SSF community for base line security.  
McDermott mentioned as they receive feedback from the community, they incorporate them in the next releases.

---

## **OQS Update \- Pravek Sharma**

* Pravek Sharma was filling in for Spencer Wilson. He mentioned that not much to fill in this week.  
* There was an OQS provider release last week.  
* Jarvis asked about the OQS survey. Pravek is not directly involved in this survey. We can discuss when Douglas Stebila comes back.

---

## **PQCP Update \- Matthias Kannwischer**

* Matthias is the new PQCP TSC lead.  

> * There was a new major release of ML \- Code native \- V1  

Reviewer: It think it should be ML-KEM native

Reviewer 2: Correct. The repo is stylized as "mlkem-native", but Aditya is correct that the algorithm itself is written as "ML-KEM"

> * There was a new major release of ML \- Code native \- V1  

Reviewer: Here's the update based on Brian's feedback. Should be good to go once applied!
```suggestion
* There was a new major release of mlkem-native \- V1  
```
